{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red14\green14\blue14;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Project 5: Dimension Reduction and Laplacian Embedding\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 Posted on: Monday, October 3, 2016 4:57:02 PM CDT\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\fs26 On AT&T 400 data, (a) do PCA to reduce to 10,20,30,50,100 PCA dimensions.\uc0\u8232 (b) Do Linear Discriminant Analysis to reduce to K-1 dimension.\u8232 (c) Do Laplacian embedding of the data in 5, 10, 20, 30, 50 dimensions\u8232 (d) Do cross-validation on the transformed (reduced) data using SVM and Centroid, Linear Regression\u8232 
\fs20 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa260\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Repeat this procedure on Hand-written Letters data.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Project 4\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 Posted on: Monday, October 3, 2016 4:51:22 PM CDT\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\fs26 Feature Selection\uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa260\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Computer f-statistic and select top 10, 20, 30, 50, 100, 200 features (image pixels). Run 5-fold Cross-validation on selected data.\uc0\u8232 For each data set, for each classifier, plot the CV accuracy as a curse using whatever curve-plotting software (matlab has it ! )\u8232 Repeat the above procedure on Hand-written-letters data., and plot results as curves
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Project 3\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 Posted on: Monday, October 3, 2016 4:45:42 PM CDT\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\fs26 Data Cluster using K-means algorith provided by matlab.\uc0\u8232 Run k-means on AT&T 400 images, set K=10. Obtain confusion matrix. Re-order the confusion matrix and obtain accuracy.\u8232 Run k-means on Hand-written-letters data, set K=26, as above.
\fs22 \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Project 2\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 Posted on: Monday, October 3, 2016 4:42:04 PM CDT\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\fs26 Do 5-fold cross-validation on AT&T400 image data\uc0\u8232 Do 5-fold cross-validation on Hand-written-letters data\u8232 Repeat this for all 4 classifiers
\fs22 \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Project1\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 Posted on: Monday, October 3, 2016 4:39:50 PM CDT\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\fs26 1. Write KNN classifier\uc0\u8232 2. Write Centroid Classifier\u8232 3. Write Linear Regression classifer\u8232 4. Download C.J.Lin 's libsvm and learn to use it on the matlab\u8232 
\fs20 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa260\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Use 4 classifiers to run on AT&T50 file to learn\'a0 the model paramters and predict the class labels for test images\uc0\u8232 Use 4 classifiers to run on AT&T200 file to learn\'a0 the model paramters and predict the class labels for test images
\fs24 \
}